No, I know you mean it.
And I can make money now.
Did you send someone to verify it?
Now wait for the person behind him to show up
I'm his sister.
How dare he tell me to stop?
Did he really think that it was his way of speaking?
Mr. Ji, I need you to touch this document for me.
Didn't you see I was suspended?
This Jing Mingyuan has no mercy at all
Suspended me without any evidence
I really don't know how high the sky is
Mr. Ji
That's right, Mr. Ji
You are his sister
He doesn't show any mercy
Your hard work
We see it.
Not only can you achieve today's achievements
That's definitely due to you.
I think you should be in charge of this world
How many years have you been with me?
Three years, what do you think I should do to you?
This, you have to see others clearly